fix: correct RuleTester typings (#20105)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/integrate/nodejs-api.md

:::

### RuleTester.setDefaultConfig(config)

```js
const RuleTester = require("eslint").RuleTester;

// Apply a default config for subsequently created RuleTester instances
RuleTester.setDefaultConfig({
	languageOptions: { ecmaVersion: 2022, sourceType: "module" },
});

const ruleTester = new RuleTester(); // picks up defaults above
```

Sets the default configuration used by `RuleTester` instances created after this call.

This is a static method.

#### Parameters

- `config` (`Config`)<br>
  A [Configuration object] applied by default to all tests. It is applied before per-instance `RuleTester` constructor options and before per-test configuration. Throws a `TypeError` if `config` is not an object.

### RuleTester.getDefaultConfig()

```js
const currentDefaultConfig = RuleTester.getDefaultConfig();
```

Returns the current default configuration used by `RuleTester`.

This is a static method.

#### Return Value

- (`Config`)<br>
  The current default configuration object.

### RuleTester.resetDefaultConfig()

```js
RuleTester.resetDefaultConfig();
```

> Resets the default configuration back to ESLint’s built-in defaults for subsequently created `RuleTester` instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resets the default configuration back to ESLint's built-in defaults for subsequently created `RuleTester` instances.
```

For consistency with the rest of the document.
